[processor/sumologicschema]: add nesting processor (#877)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: pkg/processor/sumologicschemaprocessor/README.md

    # See `translate_telegraf_metrics_processor.go` for full list of translations.
    # default = true
    translate_telegraf_attributes: {true, false}

    # Specifies if attributes should be nested, basing on their keys.
    # See "Nesting attributes" documentation chapter from this document.
    nest_attributes:
      # Defines whether attributes should be nested.
      # default = false
      enabled: {true, false}

      # Defines the string used to separate key names in attributes that are to be nested.
      # default = "."

>       separator: <separator>

Reviewer: In my opinion, we could have some pattern matching here. So in case customer wants to leave some keys which has separator in it he can do i, but current behavior seems to be reasonable for first iteration

Author: This has been already commented this on Slack. IMO we should add this in another PR (it is also arguable what should the filters be: we can do an allowlist or a denylist, with advanced matching options or not... imo it's the best to just add a denylist of prefixes)

| `k8s.statefulset.name`    | `statefulset`       |
| `service.name`            | `service`           |
| `log.file.path_resolved`  | `_sourceName`       |

### Nesting attributes

> Nesting attributes allows to change the structure of attributes (both resource attributes and normal ones)

Reviewer 2: Aren't resource attributes normal? :smile:
```suggestion
Nesting attributes allows to change the structure of attributes (both resource level and record level attributes)
```

Author: They always felt special for me 🙂

and end with that separator, for example: if the separator is `.`,
then `xyz` is a common prefix path for `xyz.abc.qwe` and `xyz.foo`,
but `sumo` **is not** a prefix path for neither `sumologic.foo.baz` nor `sumologic.bar.baz`.

#### Example

The following set of attributes:

```json
{
  "kubernetes.container_name": "xyz",
  "kubernetes.host.name": "the host",
  "kubernetes.host.address": "127.0.0.1",
  "kubernetes.namespace_name": "sumologic",
  "another_attr": "42"
}
```

Should be translated into such set:

```json
{
  "kubernetes": {
    "container_name": "xyz",
    "namespace_name": "sumologic",
    "host": {
      "name": "the host",
      "address": "127.0.0.1"
    }
  },
 "another_attr": "42"
}
```

#### Known issues

This feature has undefined behavior when in input there are various keys that will be mapped to the same nested structure. 
For example, given the following attributes:

```json
{
  "a.b.c.": "d",
  "a": {
    "b": {
      "c": "e"
    }
  }
}
```

It is not possible to predict, what will be the result. It will have the following structure:

```json
{
  "a": {
    "b": {
      "c": ...
    }
  }
}
```

> However, it is not possible to know a priori if the value under key `c` will be equal to `d` or `e`.

Author: There is one issue that I encountered and I think that we should definitely make it a UB.

Reviewer: what is happening in current implementation?
IMHO, We shouldn't override existing keys

Author: In general, keys are overwritten. If there was a map, the maps are merged (for example `"a.b": "c"` and `"a": {"d":"e"}` get merged into `"a": {"b": "c", "d":"e"}`).
The problem is that we can't easily decide whether we will be overwriting a key, because it depends on the order in which `Range` method of `pcommon.Map` traverses the attributes. We would have to make some kind of preprocessing to check all existing keys.

Reviewer: makes sense, I think for the first iteration it should be fine. Let's follow the KISS principle
